[Tiny PR] Learn -> connections -> Redshift (#2727)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections/redshift.md

- User
- Password

:::tip

> On Astro, you can use your [Deployment's workload identity](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/authorize-deployments-to-your-cloud) to authorize connections to Redshift, thus avoiding the need to embed secrets in an Airflow connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're an Astro user, Astronomer recommends using workload identity to authorize to your Deployments to Redshift. This eliminates the need to specify secrets in your Airflow connections. See [Authorize Deployments to your cloud](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/authorize-deployments-to-your-cloud).
```

Reviewer: This tip should be at the end of the overview section instead of in the tabs. That way it's more visible to users and they don't need to have decided on an auth method before they see it.
